back another guitar review swayed so in
any case last time I did it just a very
quick overview on the Dean Dimebag
wanted model which was pretty sweet so a
little different today this is a an ESP
LTD waa - 200
what the hell what is that what does it
mean what does all mean well in any case
so we'll Adler Lamb of God may be heard
I don't know
if you're metalhead like me yeah you
probably heard of them so he's got this
model out and there's three different
ones this is the low line bottom of the
barrel then he's got a mid grade and
then he also has a you know the real
deal which he uses so um again give old
eBay bulky around ran across this little
guy which was a B stock now be stock it
could be anything wrong with it but
mainly what B stocks mean is there's
some small paint bloom something like
that doesn't matter not gonna affect
playability or craftsmanship in any sort
of way and so yeah this is a B stock
there's a little bit of paint goop up
right here who cares man thing was under
300 bucks what do you want
then retail for about six I think this
model so let's get to it man
mmm what is it it's a bolt on yep unlike
his other two which are either set or
neck-through which is fine you want 300
bucks less than 300 tuners ESP tuners
they work well the only thing I'm
concerned of here with the is the nut
you know it's cheaper plastic or
whatever they made it made it out of and
who knows how that will hold up over
time again who cares it's cheap kind of
cool the fretboard has some star inlays
and a binding on it all all good man
there's no sharp edges nothing like that
and
jumbo frets which are always cool 24 and
3/4 scale you know Les Paul style what
else
tuning stays in to me good
believe it or not I don't know strange
pickups not so good uh you know anything
this cheap usually going to replace the
pickups well I do anyways I don't know
maybe they're OK for you it's fine
whatever you want to use it for for me I
couldn't I couldn't get by I had to I
had to swap the bridge pickup at least
out the the neck picked up on clean you
know these are made by ESP or this both
were until I replace this one um I don't
know what they are they're made somehow
somewhere something cheap buy in any
case so I replace the bridge pickup with
a JV seymour duncan JV good all-around
pickup like I said my previous video
works well otherwise two Matic bridge
volume volume tone everything seems in
check the you know I didn't tear on the
back part really to check the wiring and
stuff actually I can't say that I did
and there when I obviously replaced the
pickup and there was some shoddy wiring
you know somebody am maybe it was a
Friday 4:45 where I had to go home or
something in China I don't know
speaking of which yeah the guitars made
in China so a quality control could be a
little better but I can what do you want
man for a guitar that's less than 300
bucks when I was a kid you couldn't get
away with it 300 all the guitar and you
can't even play the things being tuned
so in any case yes another cheap guitar
review but you know what it plays good
and the graphics I don't know like I
said before I'm not a real huge graphic
fan but oddly enough this is a second
guitar reviewed and they both have
graphics so I don't call myself a liar
anyways cheap guitar was the whole goal
again and playability is falling like I
said had to set it up the neck needed
some tweaks and the action lowered a
little bit what's expected out of the
box when you get a guitar set up for you
otherwise after all that yeah it stays
in tune it plays good you know it
doesn't play like a you know $2,000
guitar obviously but for the money can't
go wrong
so I'm gonna give this on a reading from
you know one star up to five stars I'm
gonna probably give it I'll probably
give it a three and a half you know
that's fine but for the bang for the
buck money-wise if you can get a B stock
like this you know more like a for
something like that anyways we'll catch
you next time and I'm gonna jam out for
a little bit